Hello everyone, Andrei
This weekend I walked around the flea market
the local did not buy for the cheap
the video card is the same ford 650ti analog
for byte
I will not immediately show that 2
the card behaves they connected to
tv
picture unfortunately not very cameras not
wants to focus on my tv
and there and seen the flashing cursor
rebooted the hobbits many will say because
there would be a picture of a video card course
working there problems can we
restart the computer and see just
black screen and
there are no mistakes and sold not
boot windows
nothing just a black screen
turn on the computer
back to the video card
all the same problem but the problem is banal
for video card
I think you can see the missing capacitor
express food machine even shot down from there
along with pads judging by
the solder trail someone tried to solder
straight to the connector apparently she is not very
fortunately for the first two pairs
the capacitors remained intact
that is, these video cards will work by
tire Lesya Express x2
here we insert it into the word c16 she
us does not work in case x1 will be
great work let's do this
check and I here is an adapter hoteli
on f-16 well, I hope with me x1 the rest
contacts are simply not used
although we connect all this to our computer
video card and will check the fleet so 16 it
can connect as x1 device ttx 8
they will all work video cards
power dock with dima
power on
look will work and
here is the screensaver and this time the sentence
load windows will not load yet
Neither will the government video card
earned
7 fellow turn on our video card
in a good way to take a thin soldering iron
find somewhere a similar capacitor and
gently solder it clear the contact
him something sometime i know here
but not everyone has a thin soldering iron
and especially
similar smd capacitors but this time
the tire works like all express 2
catch up contact just insulate and
use only
all that is whole and for that to us
we need the usual scotch cut off another
small strip and glue on unnecessary
contact
And so we glue the two sides a few
they will become sealed mine they
will not be used for verified as
in appearance they will say that something is somewhere
sealed that let's plug and
check work
than
he saver motherboard again
offer to load windows
loaded
That does not want the camera on a dark screen
focus on think crane loading
windows
have seen everything
os windows boot to start in paused
and see how our video works
card
he is ready to run
see consider
all express 20 x 16 can work
even the video card how it works given
x2 1.1 moment can work on 2.0
I have everything on this if this video is for you
like it like subscribe
on the channel all bye